# Ant AI - Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 6/10/2023
Effective: XXXXX

## 1 Introduction

---
The Harry Butler Institute ("us", "we", "our") operates [WEBSITE / DOMAIN ADDRESS] (herein referred to as "Service").

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to [WEBSITE / DOMAIN ADDRESS] and our Idantifier Application Frontend to this website backend (also herein referred to collectively as part of the 'Service'), and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve our Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in the Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms of Service](/policy/tos).

Our [Terms of Service](/policy/tos) ("Terms") govern all use of our Service and together with this Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us ("agreement").

## 2 Definitions

---

**Service** means the website ([WEBSITE / DOMAIN ADDRESS]) and the Idantifier Mobile Application Frontend as operated by the Harry Butler Institute.

**Personal Data** means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data** is data collected automatically either generated by the use of our Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies** are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**Data Controller** means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purpose for which and the manner in which any person data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**DATA SUBJECT** is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**THE USER** is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

Our **PURPOSE** is to assist with the detection of potentially invasive species in australia.

Note that all other definitions hold their meaning in the context of the Privacy Act (Cth) 1988 of the Commonwealth of Australia.

For the purposes of the Privacy Act (Cth) 1988, the Harry Butler Institute is an APP Entity as an organization.

## 3 Information Collection and Use

---
We collect several different types of information for various purposes and improve our Service to you.

## 4 Types of Data Collected

---

### Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but it is not limited to:
1. Email Address
2. Service Username (Android, IOS)
3. First Name and Last Name
4. Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with information regarding your account (if you hold one), or forward it to relevant partner services, such as the Atlas of Living Australia in an anonymized format to facilitate contact in line with our Purpose.

You may opt out of receiving any, or all of these communications from us or Atlas of Living Australia by anonymously making use of our Service; without an account, where applicable and permitted.

### Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“**Usage Data**”).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

This is collected for bug fixing and providing new features to our Service.

### Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

1. **Session Cookies:** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

2. **Preference Cookies:** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

3. **Security Cookies:** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

## 5 Use of Data

---
The Harry Butler Institute uses the collected data for various purposes:
1. to provide and maintain our Service;

2. to notify you about changes to our Service;

3. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;

4. to provide for our Purpose in assisting the detection of Specific Invasive Ant Species 
5. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;

6. to monitor the usage of our Service;

7. to detect, prevent and address technical issues;

8. to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
9. to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;

11. to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;

12. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

13. for any other purpose with your consent.


## 6 Retention of Data

---
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

We may also share in part or whole of your usage data (and anonymized personal data) which may be retained indefinitely with Atlas of Living Australia and other partners. Please Consult their Privacy Policy as directed for specifications as to their Retention Policy. In the terms of Usage Data (Classification Results) made via our Idantifier Application, you may opt out of sending positive classifications to ALA by following the prompts.

We may retain Usage Data (i.e. classification results) and Personal Data (i.e. the images submitted through the Idantifier App or similar service) for the purpose of tuning our Artificial Intelligence Model. This is performed so we can improve our service.

## 7 Transfer of Data

---
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

The Harry Butler Institute will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## 8 Disclosure of Data

---
1. Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.

2. Other Cases. We may disclose your information also to our affiliates and partners.

## 9 Security of Data

---
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## 10 Your Data protection Rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

---
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. – See more at [eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj)

We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at [ant.ai.idantifier@gmail.com](mailto://ant.ai.idantifier@gmail.com)

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
1. the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;

2. the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;

3. the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;

4. the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;

5. the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;

6. the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

Note however that as this is an Australian Service, designed and intended to only be used in Australia, the exercise of these rights may be somewhat limited by international treaties and national scope of limitations.

## 11 Service Providers

---
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“**Service Providers**”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## 12 Analytics

---
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.


## 13 CI / CD Tools

---
We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.

## 14 Links to Other Sites

---
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## 15 Children's Privacy

---
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (“**Children**”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.


## 16 Changes to this Privacy Policy

---
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## 17 Contact Us

---
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By Email: [ant.ai.idantifier@gmail.com](mailto://ant.ai.idantifier@gmail.com)


---
# Modifications

Made on 6/10/2023
- Clarified Retention of Data Practice regarding Classification Results in line with Purpose and intended usage.